[Do not merge] Add log-forwarding documentation (#58)
canonical/spark-k8s-bundle: releases/3.4/yaml/docs/explanation/e-monitoring.md

### Logs 

Logs of driver and executors are stored on the pod local filesystem by default, 
however they can be forwarded to the [Loki](https://grafana.com/oss/loki/) via LOKI_URL environment
variable. This variable is used by [Pebble](https://canonical-pebble.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/),
to configure [log-forwarding](https://canonical-pebble.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/reference/log-forwarding/)
to remote Loki server.

> This feature is available from version 3.4.2 and require having working Loki,

Reviewer: **todo** uhm, `3.4.2` is a little bit too generic, since we also have images with 3.4.2 that do not support this feature. Maybe we can provide the commit on the charmed-spark-rock image, or the sha.

### Logs 

Logs of driver and executors are stored on the pod local filesystem by default, 

> however they can also be forwarded to the [Loki](https://grafana.com/oss/loki/) via LOKI_URL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
however they can also be forwarded to the [Loki](https://grafana.com/oss/loki/) via the `LOKI_URL`
```

environment variable. This variable is used by [Pebble](https://canonical-pebble.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/),
to configure [log-forwarding](https://canonical-pebble.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/reference/log-forwarding/)
to remote Loki server.

> This feature is available from version [3.4.2@sha256:321b6deb13f10c045028c9b25264b8113c6fdcbe4f487ff472a06fd7bdcb2758](ghcr.io/canonical/charmed-spark:3.4.2-22.04_edge@sha256:321b6deb13f10c045028c9b25264b8113c6fdcbe4f487ff472a06fd7bdcb2758)

Reviewer 2: The link is broken for me (404 error) and the version designation is hardly readable. Suggestions: Can we make the visible text more readable and fix the link? Maybe we can use a track or revision? For example:

```suggestion
This feature is available from Charmed Spark version [3.4.2/edge](ghcr.io/canonical/charmed-spark:3.4.2-22.04_edge@sha256:321b6deb13f10c045028c9b25264b8113c6fdcbe4f487ff472a06fd7bdcb2758)
```

> and require having working Loki, where we recommend using it with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and requires a working Loki. Hence, we recommend using it with
```
